$ oc-mirror list operators --catalog=registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-operator-index:v4.18 --version=4.18
NAME                                          DISPLAY NAME  DEFAULT CHANNEL
3scale-operator                                             threescale-2.15
advanced-cluster-management                                 release-2.13
amq-broker-rhel8                                            7.12.x
amq-online                                                  stable
amq-streams                                                 stable
amq-streams-console                                         alpha
amq7-interconnect-operator                                  1.10.x
ansible-automation-platform-operator                        stable-2.5
ansible-cloud-addons-operator                               stable-2.5-cluster-scoped
apicast-operator                                            threescale-2.15
apicurio-registry-3                                         3.x
authorino-operator                                          stable
aws-efs-csi-driver-operator                                 stable
aws-load-balancer-operator                                  stable-v1
bamoe-businessautomation-operator                           8.x-stable
bamoe-kogito-operator                                       8.x
bpfman-operator                                             latest
businessautomation-operator                                 stable
cephcsi-operator                                            stable-4.18
cincinnati-operator                                         v1
cli-manager                                                 tech-preview
cluster-kube-descheduler-operator                           stable
cluster-logging                                             stable-6.2
cluster-observability-operator                              stable
clusterresourceoverride                                     stable
compliance-operator                                         stable
container-security-operator                                 stable-3.14
costmanagement-metrics-operator                             stable
cryostat-operator                                           stable
datagrid                                                    stable
devspaces                                                   stable
devworkspace-operator                                       fast
dpu-network-operator                                        stable
dpu-operator                                                stable
eap                                                         stable
elasticsearch-operator                                      stable-5.8
external-dns-operator                                       stable-v1
fence-agents-remediation                                    stable
file-integrity-operator                                     stable
fuse-apicurito                                              fuse-apicurito-7.13.x
fuse-console                                                7.13.x
fuse-online                                                 latest
gatekeeper-operator-product                                 stable
gcp-filestore-csi-driver-operator                           stable
ingress-node-firewall                                       stable
jaeger-product                                              stable
jws-operator                                                alpha
kernel-module-management                                    stable
kernel-module-management-hub                                stable
kiali-ossm                                                  stable
kubernetes-nmstate-operator                                 stable
kubevirt-hyperconverged                                     stable
lifecycle-agent                                             stable
lightspeed-operator                                         alpha
local-storage-operator                                      stable
logic-operator-rhel8                                        alpha
loki-operator                                               stable-6.2
lvms-operator                                               stable-4.18
machine-deletion-remediation                                stable
mcg-operator                                                stable-4.18
metallb-operator                                            stable
mta-operator                                                stable-v7.2
mtc-operator                                                release-v1.8
mtr-operator                                                alpha
mtv-operator                                                release-v2.8
multiarch-tuning-operator                                   stable
multicluster-engine                                         stable-2.8
multicluster-global-hub-operator-rh                         release-1.4
netobserv-operator                                          stable
nfd                                                         stable
node-healthcheck-operator                                   stable
node-maintenance-operator                                   stable
node-observability-operator                                 alpha
numaresources-operator                                      4.18
ocs-client-operator                                         stable-4.18
ocs-operator                                                stable-4.18
odf-csi-addons-operator                                     stable-4.18
odf-dependencies                                            stable-4.18
odf-multicluster-orchestrator                               stable-4.18
odf-operator                                                stable-4.18
odf-prometheus-operator                                     stable-4.18
odr-cluster-operator                                        stable-4.18
odr-hub-operator                                            stable-4.18
openshift-builds-operator                                   latest
openshift-cert-manager-operator                             stable-v1
openshift-custom-metrics-autoscaler-operator                stable
openshift-gitops-operator                                   latest
openshift-pipelines-operator-rh                             latest
openshift-secondary-scheduler-operator                      stable
openstack-operator                                          stable-v1.0
opentelemetry-product                                       stable
orchestrator-operator                                       stable
pf-status-relay-operator                                    stable
power-monitoring-operator                                   tech-preview
ptp-operator                                                stable
quay-bridge-operator                                        stable-3.14
quay-operator                                               stable-3.14
recipe                                                      stable-4.18
red-hat-camel-k                                             1.10.x
red-hat-hawtio-operator                                     stable-v1
redhat-oadp-operator                                        stable-1.4
rh-service-binding-operator                                 stable
rhacs-operator                                              stable
rhbk-operator                                               stable-v26.0
rhdh                                                        fast
rhods-operator                                              stable
rhpam-kogito-operator                                       7.x
rhsso-operator                                              stable
rhtas-operator                                              stable
rook-ceph-operator                                          stable-4.18
run-once-duration-override-operator                         stable
sandboxed-containers-operator                               stable
secrets-store-csi-driver-operator                           stable
security-profiles-operator                                  release-alpha-rhel-8
self-node-remediation                                       stable
serverless-operator                                         stable
service-registry-operator                                   2.x
service-telemetry-operator                                  stable-1.5
servicemeshoperator                                         stable
servicemeshoperator3                                        stable
skupper-operator                                            stable-2
smart-gateway-operator                                      stable-1.5
smb-csi-driver-operator                                     stable
sriov-network-operator                                      stable
submariner                                                  stable-0.20
tang-operator                                               alpha
tempo-product                                               stable
topology-aware-lifecycle-manager                            stable
trustee-operator                                            stable
vertical-pod-autoscaler                                     stable
volsync-product                                             stable
watcher-operator                                            stable-v1.0
web-terminal                                                fast
windows-machine-config-operator                             stable

